---
layout: post
title: "Week 2 at Hackeryou"
date: 2014-09-29 12:51:42 -0400
comments: true
categories:
- Bootcamps
---

Wow, I feel like it's been forever since I've made a blog post. I guess in the blog world 9 days is an eternity. I had planned to make a couple blog posts last week but I was just too busy cramming new concepts into my head to have time.
Aside from concept cramming I think the highlight of the week was [Ladies Learning Code](http://ladieslearningcode.com/codeday/) National Code day. I spent the day mentoring a class full of eager first time coders. All I can say is that teaching is incredibly rewarding. Knowing you helped make those 'Eureka' moments happen is a really good feeling. I'm really grateful to Ladies Learning Code for giving me the opportunity to give something back to the Web Development community.
<!-- more -->
Aside from teaching people to code, LLC is really great at throwing parties. Saturday night was an eye opener for me. Coming from my background working at bars it's refreshing to be in a community of people that I not only am excited to work with, but to be friends with as well.

As far as learning things go, I spent a ton of time this week wrestling with grunt. Before I started working on my second project I set my mind to including some kind of html importing engine into the gruntfile generated by generator-webapp. Now for someone new to this whole automation thing generator-webapps gruntfile is actually quite confusing (I think grunt configuration is a little confusing by nature). I started out with grunt-includes and after several hours of fiddling I decided to scrap the whole thing and take the advice of Drew Minns. I jumped into Jade. I was actually going to make a blog post about how to add Jade to generator-webapp (there are a few good posts out there but they are all a little outdated). The only problem with that is that when I went to use grunt to build my distribution version everything was completely screwed. I had to disable grunt-rev and copy a lot of things over by hand in order to make it work. Eventually I did get the site up and running, and if you'd like to take a look you can see it [here.](http://seethruhead.com/proj2)

I'm fairly sure that my next big personal project is going to be creating an iterative development environment that I fully understand using a more (IMHO) intuitive task runner: Gulp.

There will be a blog post to accompany that once it's complete. So stay tuned!

